This is not a bad list. Its curious that they left off Marc Randazza. I am not sure if he is technically pro-white, but he represented Anglin and others. He certainly has no love for the SPLC. If Jason Van Dyke is still practicing in Texas, he's really good for criminal cases but I don't think he does the civil rights stuff. Why is Sam Dickson not on the list? Did he retire?
That's because they came from the Pontic/Caspian steppe (western Eurasian steppe), not from India. They just migrated south and west into northern India, the Middle East, and Europe. And it's not a "false Nazi fetish", either - well, the Aryans may have been fetishized by them to a degree, but it's not false. They were renamed "Andronovo", although I'm not sure why, but they called themselves "Aryans". People in Europe, northern India and northern Middle East are descended from them which is why you see many derivations of the name throughout these places. I don't know what "the most Aryan people in the world" means, if they mean genetically or linguistically, but "Aryan" is a specific culture that was replaced by a new culture (same race though, as far as I know) roughly 2900 years ago. As far as race is concerned I'm pretty sure they are considered Europid, just with a few minor genetic distinctions from people living in Europe at that time. In other words, racially the same: Europid.
For those that don’t know or don’t remember, a mod allowed a thread to be unmoderated save for preventing porn and threats of violence. Pests quickly turned into nothing but insults and “I’m right because I’m right” spam. You, and others like you, have ample opportunity to defend your position, but within the rules of the site. That does appear to be something you either can’t or won’t do.
I wish they'd reorganize as a ethnic community-social network (instead of a political party) to a large degree. A group of friends and families coming together to support each other, lift each other's spirits, etc. A secular British faith congregation center so to speak. One of the topics last week could have been whether it'd be wise to pull out of the stock market, and then short it using 3x reverse ETFs. That could still be a topic of discussion. Alternatively, how to generate more cash to be ready to buy the big dip when this thing plateaus. Forget the idea of politics for the most part and some divine savior leader (it's too stressful, ornery, and orients the community improperly IMO). We're just trying to survive and have an ok life, maybe even a somewhat enjoyable life if we can lol. The Jews seem to have community. I like watching their shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm and the Kominsky Method. Why can't we?
Arbery was never a danger. When Arbery ran past McMichael's house, McMichael's knew he was unarmed. Plus, people don't go jogging while armed. But he chose to go after Arbery with two shotguns and what appears to be two other men. It looks like McMichael's may have wanted to kill Arbery intentionally. That is what the legal system is assuming anyway, with the first-degree murder charge.
When members of two different races reproduce then both of their genes are bred out as the off spring is Bi racial, as in not really belonging to any specific race. In other words if a negroid and a Caucasian have a kid then the child is technically half white and half black. The kid will have genes from both races and will not belong to any particular race.
ME -- Also man HOW do you go from 500 billion -- a reason able number to KICK start the wages lost -- to 2.5 TRILLION -- this ain't a candy shop! They act well its just 5 candies at 5 cents a piece rather one. You know? Reply -- Just print more money meme -- BRRR -- full sarcasm. Me -- Infaltion -- just pass it off on the poor. Printing money drops our PPP Buddy -- 1.5 then 500 billiion adds up to 10s of trillions. Me --10 trillion in a DECADE -- TOTAL DEBT -- after we repaid. I am with Sen Low Hand -- Take their pay. 55k >>>>>>>> 1.7 million .... that is the average Wage earned by hour work versus the NET WORTH of the average Congress Critter! Sen Graham had it right -- take their gd pay! Why are we paying them to IMPOVERISH US???? WHY???? Buddy -- look into the repo markets, they’re dumping from hundreds of billions to trillions into it on the regular these last few months Me -- But repo is like cannibalizing your own leg and calling it a fulling. It is BS 'raw number' but economically it indicates THIRD WORLD HERE WE COME BABY. Two Trillion Dollar Power Grab | Pennies for you Peasants | Power Preatorians and Protection
AncestryDNA and their “ethnicity estimate” is garbage (I assume OP tested with AncestryDNA). If anyone here is worried they might have Jew in them, test with 23andme to tease out any rumored jewish ancestry, since they’re the best at detecting Jewishness even in the smallest percentages. Looking at your mtdna and ydna on 23andme can also give you more insight. Before I would’ve recommended 24Genetics, since I made a thread here praising their ancestry analysis, however upon doing some research I found out that the company is just running an nMonte from Eurogenes. Very disappointing.
There are great opportunities in Las Vegas too, along with great risks. But I still think it's foolish to think you can consistently beat the house. The house always wins in the long run. Sure it can be fun and exiting to play. Get it out of your system if you have to. I did. Risk vs, reward, the best opportunity today is to invest in the anti-Semitic metals. This is what the banking elite fears the most. Gold and silver, especially silver.
As I mentioned in a previous post, I had Hong Kong 'flu in 1968 with the doctor saying to the person caring for me that I would either live or die. There was no treatment. Obviously I survived. It was a different world then - we accepted pandemics, wars, natural disasters, and that death from whatever cause was a fact of human life. Very true. Being British, we just "kept calm and carried on" as normal. Now, the government - the nanny State - treats us like children who must "stay safe" and "stay at home" and obey their commands. My generation were brought up and lived in a very different world. We were adventurous, and like our Viking, Anglo-Saxon, Germanic, Celtic, ancestors lived or tried to live adventurous, exciting, lives and refused to "stay safe" and refused to "stay at home".
Man Edition -- Much Swearing -- Trump viciously attacks NBC News reporter in extended rant after being asked for message to Americans worried about coronavirus CNN IS FAKE NEWS You are Fake News Truth Hurts Malaria Drugs Effective on COVID-19 | Press Pushes Panic; President Pummels Punks | Man Edition Too bad Daddy Trump did not break out the belt on the SOB! Give'em 50 tied to the Mast!
‘Nazi’ beer featuring Third Reich and Hitler symbols probed by police after going on sale in Germany – The Sun I was blown away when the article said even the font is racist. Seriously? Pretty soon even the German language will be considered racist. What's next, the tone in which you speak?
Yeah, that's why I'm not a monarchist. A great leader can be great, but a bad leader can make your life miserable. I do like the idea of a ruling class though. Something like a Senate in the days of the Roman Empire, but with the ability to choose & remove leaders. Not sure how the Senate would be put in power without being elected, but I'm open to opinions.
I know where to get the custom ROMs, or the links: that would be XDA Developers by default. My problem is more elementary: I've never done it before and haven't the least idea what to do first. Not knowing exactly the right questions to ask is going to slow me down on most Android sites so I was hoping that somebody here might have done this before. What put this in my mind was the fact that Samsung refused to update their very expensive Note Pro 12.2 tablet out of Android 5.1 Lollipop OS! I'd never have bought it had I known that they'd act like that but of course they never warn you. I'm still using the tablet, it's in perfect condition too but some of the apps I use on it all the time won't work now because the OS is too old. I've had it since 2015 so there's no problem about voiding any warranties anymore by changing the OS. I called my carrier to ask if they'd still activate a rooted device for me and they said it was fine. Samsung tried to tell me that there might be 'hardware problems' with an update, which is what I'd expect them to say if they're trying to sell me another tablet. The problem with that is, from what I can find, that model was the only one around quite like it. It's the perfect size for those days when I have power outages in my rural area as backup for my PC. Since it's still working fine, I'd like to go on using it but I have to root if I want to be able to use most of my standard apps. Has anyone here done this before on any mobile device?
"We have shown that the Mediterranean race entered Europe from the south and forms part of a great group of peoples extending into southern Asia, that the Alpine race came from the east through Asia Minor and the valley of the Danube, and that its present European distribution is merely the westernmost point of an ethnic pyramid, the base of which rests solidly on the round skulled peoples of the great plateaux of central Asia. Both of these races are, therefore, western extensions of Asiatic subspecies, and neither of them can be considered as exclusively European. With the remaining race, the Nordic, however, the case is different. This is a purely European type, and has developed its physical characters and its civilization within the confines of that continent. It is, therefore, the Homo Europaeus, the white man par excellence. " The Passing of the Great Race by Madison Grant - Chapter 13: The Nordic Race So now that you know that 2/3rds of Europeans are actually Eurasians, you can all actually become sane and stop preaching "white skin based equality communism" and maybe then a homogeneous army all in agreement can be formed. Until then, have fun with the never ending infighting, cat scratch fever, AmIwhite.com (No you are obviously some type of dagogreaseballjewrhinelandbastard, that is why you have to ask in the first place) "delete my account because you are enemy" and "bitchboying" as displayed by your confused mongrel membership 24/7. Closed.
IN PHOTOS: The treasures unearthed during Pompeii's six-year restoration 19 February 2020 As major works come to an end this week at Pompeii, we look at some of the incredible discoveries by restorers over the past six years. Vivid frescoes and never-before-seen inscriptions were among the treasures unearthed in the massive years-long restoration of the world-famous archeological site in southern Italy. https://www.thelocal.it/20200219/in-...r-restoratiion
I don't usually respond to these threads. However, I just need to say this. The Whites that are crying for Arbery will be the same ones that, in the not too distant future, come busting down the doors with the "Racial police", arresting and jailing those of us that know the truth about the negro animals that we are forced to endure. If you sympathetic Whites that defend the negro beasts would open your eyes to the daily murder, rape, assault, robbery, of Whites by the negro beasts. But you never will. Here is just one example that never makes the news beyond the local area. Man with machete attacks couple over COVID-19 anger: TN cops | The Sacramento Bee Now save your tears for Arbery.
Whether they're a 16 year old drudge with a worthless certificate in home economics or some 22 year old university graduate with a worthless 2:1 in teaching home economics, they're leaving education thinking that the world owes them a living, so when Labour promises them lots and lots of free stuff it's a no brainer.
Indo-European aka "Aryan" language and culture originated from the Pontic-Caspian Steppe, in Eastern Europe (centered around present-day Ukraine and Southern Russia) and spread into Iran and India from there during the Bronze Age. There isn't too much doubt or disagreement about that these days, since the genetic (R1a, for instance), archaeological and linguistic evidence seems to point entirely in that direction.
I have never felt so prud to be a white man like the way I feel I right now. 